# The application I made is an economy simulator focused on mostly the US government finances as those are ones that can be easily found and that are the easiest to work with for a project like this. The data that will be stored is the revenue and spending found on this site: https://usafacts.org/.  There will be decisions that are sometimes in your control or not in your control that will affect the economy on whether it will get better or worse. This allows the client to be able to understand the decision-making process, but also to be able to add more decisions in later, perhaps some that are more realistic. There will be a chance an event will occur; chance is 10% each day that an event will occur, with a 5% chance of getting a certain event. There are a total of 20 events that you could get. This project is going to have an overall table that will have the year and an ID to the revenue and spending tables, but also will have a table at the end of the year with the year, revenue, spending, and net gain/loss of how the US did, that will be used to compare how you did compare to how the US did. This satisfies my client’s needs since it has the revenue and spending tables of the government, so for future use, they could easily add it into the database. Also, that it gives them a good way to compare the differences between simulation and what happened financially in the real world. There will also be tables storing the more specifics on revenue and spending that will be used in the simulation that will go up and down depending on what happens. The planned changes each time an event happens to a revenue or expense will be either a percent up to 100% gain or to 100% decline with them with also just a specific number increase or decrease for a certain revenue or spending variable. This game lasts a whole year. There will be a class to store the data that will change because of the decisions you make. There will also be a class to store the real-life results. This allows the client to be able to compare them with the application, instead of having to go into the database. The system requirements will be a DBMS like access and a programming language like c++ to make the program. My design goals were met, but in fact improved from the start of making the project till now.